README.md, before:

# TextSorter
This application is a command-line application that is used for sorting a list of names in a text file alphabetically and in ascending order based on length.
## Installation
### Download
To download, select the green **'Clone or download'** button and click **'Download ZIP'**. Once the file has finished downloading, unzip the downloaded file in a convenient, accessible location.
### Clone
If you have Git installed, you can clone the repository by selecting the green **'Clone or download'** button and clicking the copy button which looks like a clipboard. Navigate to an appropriate location for the repository in the terminal and run `git clone <github-repo-link>` where `<github-repo-link>` is the link that was copied. A folder will be made for the repository and all the files will be downloaded in it.
## Instructions
### Steps
To run the application, navigate in the terminal to the downloaded or cloned folder that contains your working copy. Type the command `.build/debug/TextSorter` followed by the absolute path of the text file that contains the list of names to be sorted. Run the command and the appropriate output will be printed in the terminal.
### Example
To sort a file called **"Sort Me.txt"**: `$ .build/debug/TextSorter /Users/username/Desktop/Sort\ Me.txt`

Commit message:

Update tests to use xctests

README.md, after:

# TextSorter
This application is a command-line application that is used for sorting a list of names in a text file alphabetically and in ascending order based on length.
## Installation
To download, select the green **'Clone or download'** button and click **'Download ZIP'**. Once the file has finished downloading, unzip the downloaded file in a convenient, accessible location.
## Usage
First, ensure that Swift 5 is installed by running the command in the terminal: `swift --version`.
### Instructions
1. Navigate in the terminal to your working copy (the directory that contains the Xcode project).
2. Build the application first by running the command: `swift build`.
3. Run the command `swift run TextSorter` followed by the absolute path of the text file that contains the list of names to be sorted. 
### Example
To sort the names in a text file called **"Unsorted.txt"**: `$ swift run TextSorter /Users/username/Desktop/Unsorted.txt`.
## Testing
To run all tests, navigate in the terminal to your working copy. Run the command in the terminal: `swift test`.
